{
  "quotes": [
"↑￼↑ #1 *****
High-resolution professional design for a vertical congratulatory poster.

Background and Graphic Elements: A pure white and light grey background. The upper part features large, overlapping, fluid organic shapes (blobs) in a vibrant teal and a calm sky blue. Subtle decorative elements include scattered grids of small teal dots on the right edges (top, middle, and bottom), and a very large, faint light-blue plus sign (+) shape in the lower left of the background.

Main Image (with fine details):
In the upper half, a main image is contained within a circular, rounded-square organic mask, outlined by a thin, elegant, and overlapping golden line.

The Person: A realistic photo of the same person from the reference image. Use 100% of his face; your face must be exactly like the original selfie image—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. He is looking directly at the camera.

The Outfit: He is wearing a smart olive-green/grey suit jacket over a crisp white shirt.

Interior Background: The background directly behind him inside the frame is dark, illuminated by a dense curtain of warm, glowing yellow string lights (bokeh effect) suggesting a celebratory hall.

Typography and Text Formatting (Arabic and English):
All text is written in a clear, modern Arabic font in cyan/teal color, without serifs.

Top Center: Large, prominent text with a smooth, continuous gradient starting from light cyan/turquoise to dark teal, stacked: 'أجمل التهاني'  and immediately below it 'والتبريكات' . Directly to the immediate left of this section only, a small, bold text: 'للشاب الخلوق' .

The Name: Large, prominent text with a smooth, continuous gradient starting from light cyan/turquoise to dark teal, with a distinctive white frame/glow: 'اسامة نجيب' .
•	Text Below the Name: Two lines of text:
◦	Line 1: 'بمناسبــــــة الخطوبة فألف ألــف' 
◦	Line 2: 'مبــــــرووك متمنين له دوام السعادة والتوفيق' 
•	Right Edge (Vertically): Small, light cyan text oriented vertically to be read upwards: 'OSAMA - 771588068'.
•	Footer (Bottom):
◦	Right Side: A vector design of a modern, curved geometric badge with rounded corners, forming an asymmetric design that resembles a dynamic tab or a flat-sided drop. The badge contains a smooth, continuous gradient starting from dark teal to light cyan/turquoise. Inside the badge, crisp white Arabic text stands out in a bold font; the word 'تهنئة'  is large, and immediately below it, the word 'خاصة' is in a small font. The design style is flat vector, clean, and minimalist, suitable for official cards.
◦	Left of the Badge: Two lines of cyan text: 'مقدمة من :'  (top) and 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' (bottom).
Lighting and Atmosphere:
Clean, modern, and institutional yet festive aesthetic. A bright, flat graphic design mixed with a realistic photo. High resolution, clear printing, 8K.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.
2:3",
"↑￼↑ #2 *
Professional, high-resolution vertical engagement congratulatory poster design.

Background: A pure, light gray/white background.

Top Left: Two antique Edison-style light bulbs hanging from the top edge by black wires.

Far Right: Large, very faint, semi-transparent, light grey Arabic text, written vertically: 'مبروك الخطوبة' , partially cropped from the right edge.

Main Image (Center, with fine details):

A vertical rectangular photo frame with rounded corners, surrounded by a thin gold border and a soft black shadow. Inside the frame: a realistic photo of the person from the original image. Use 100% of their face; their face should be exactly like the original selfie - no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. From the waist up, they are wearing a black suit jacket over a pure white Thobe (robe). Wrapped around their waist is a wide, dark black belt (Asib) carrying a traditional curved Yemeni dagger (Jambiya) with a light wooden handle and a light brown sheath. Their right hand rests naturally near the belt. The background inside the photo frame is a naturally blurred outdoor street scene in daylight, with a soft bokeh effect of indistinct cars.

Typographical Design and Text Formatting (Arabic and English):

Top Center: The phrase 'تهانينا'  in a flowing, flame-like 3D Arabic font in gold, with a distinctive white outline/glow, underlined with a thin gold line. Directly beneath it, the phrase 'أسمى آيات التهاني والتبريكات'  in a smaller, simple Arabic font of the same color.

Upper Middle: A single line of black Arabic copy text: 'نهديها للشاب الخلوق:' .

Left Side (Vertical Calligraphy): In a modern, flowing, flame-like 3D Arabic font in black, with a distinctive white outline/glow, 'خطوبة مباركة' , oriented vertically and read from top to bottom, placed to the left of the image.

Below the Portrait:
•	Line 1: In a flowing, flame-like 3D Arabic font in black, with a distinctive white outline/glow, 'اسامة نجيب' .
•	Line 2: Bold and gold Arabic copy text: 'ألف ألف مبرووووك' .
Footer (Bottom) with a very faint, semi-transparent gray background:
•	To the right: Small black Arabic text: 'تهنئة مقدمة من :' .
•	Center details: Bold black Arabic text: 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' .
Lighting and Atmosphere:

A clean, simple, and elegant aesthetic for the poster elements. Bright, natural outdoor lighting for the interior image. High resolution, clear printing, 8K.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.

3:4",
"↑￼↑ #3 *
Blessed Engagement

Professional, high-resolution, vertical engagement congratulation poster design.

Background: Pure, light grey/white background.

Top Left: Two antique Edison light bulbs hanging from the top edge by black wires.

Far Right: Large, very faint, semi-transparent, light grey Arabic text written vertically 'خطوبة مباركة' , partially cropped from the right edge.

Main Image (In the Center, with fine details):

A vertical rectangular photo frame with rounded corners, surrounded by a thin gold border and a soft blue-grey shadow. Inside the frame: A realistic picture of the person from the original image. Use 100% of their face; your face must be exactly like the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. From the waist up, they are wearing a light blue-grey suit jacket over a pure white thobe (robe). On their head, they are wearing a dark blue, patterned traditional Yemeni shemagh/ghutra (shawl/headscarf), tied back. A wide black belt wraps around their waist, holding a curved traditional Yemeni dagger (Jambiya) with a light wooden handle and a light brown sheath. Their right hand rests naturally near the belt. The background inside the photo frame is a naturally blurred outdoor street scene in daylight, with a soft bokeh effect of indistinct cars.

Typographic Design and Text Formatting (Arabic and English):

Top Center: The phrase 'الحمدلله' , a large, elegant, modern, gold, ornate Arabic text, underlined with a thin gold line. Directly below it, the phrase 'الذي بنعمته تتم الصالحات'  in a smaller, simple gold Arabic font.

Upper Middle: A single line of clear black Arabic copy text: 'بأسمى آيات التهاني والتبريكات' .

*Left Side (Vertical Text): In a modern, fluid, flame-like 3D gold Arabic font with a distinctive white frame/glow, 'مبروك الخطوبة' , oriented vertically and read from top to bottom, placed to the left of the image.

*Below the Personal Image: - Line 1: In a modern, fluid, flame-like 3D bold black Arabic font, with a distinctive white frame/glow, 'اسامة نجيب'.
- Line 2: Bold gold Arabic copy text 'ألف ألف مبرووووك' .
*Footer (Bottom) with a very faint, semi-transparent, light grey background: - To the Right: Small black Arabic text 'تهنئة مقدمة من :' .
- Middle Details: Dark grey Arabic text 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' .
Lighting and Atmosphere:

A clean, simple, and elegant aesthetic for the poster elements. Bright, natural outdoor lighting for the internal image. High resolution, clear print, 8K.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.

3:4",
"■ كيفية إستخدام البرومبت ✓
..........................................
 1. نسخ النص: قم بـ (نسخ البرومبت ⧉) من خلال الضغط مطولاً على النص ثم نسخ ❐.
 2. فتح الذكاء الاصطناعي: افتح تطبيق (✦ Gemini).
 3. إدراج الوسائط: قم برفع صورتك 🖼 ثم...
 4. اللصق: (الصق البرومبت ⎘) في محادثة ✦ Gemini.
 5. التفعيل: تأكد من أن ميزة توليد الصور مفعلة 🍌.
 6. النتيجة: قم بتوليد صورتك واستمتع! ✨
..........................................
■ ملاحظة مهمة ✓
عند إستخدام برومبت (تلبيس العرسان 🤵🏻👰🏻):
 1. ارفع صورتك الشخصية مع صورة الزي (زي عريس مفرغ).
 2. لضمان أفضل دقة، ارفع صورتك (من الصدر إلى الأعلى 👤) لتظهر الملامح بوضوح.
..........................................
■ قاعدة هامة ✓
● أي برومبت يحتوي على نص عربي، يجب إستخدام وضع المفكر (Flash Thinking)، أو وضع الـ برو (Pro) لضمان جودة الخط.
..........................................
■ معلومة خاصة ✓
● أي برومبت يوجد فيه هذا الرمز ↑￼↑، فهذا يعني ضرورة إرفاق صورة مع البرومبت ليعمل بشكل صحيح.
● البرومبتات متوفرة باللغتين [ AR - EN ].
..........................................
■ جميع الحقوق محفوظة © ✓
تطبيق بيكسلاب برو بلاس (PixelLab Pro Plus).
@ المطور: م/ أسامة الشعلان.",
"■ للحصول على المزيد من البرومبتات قم بزيارة صفحتنا على الويب

🔹 osamaalshulanapk.blogspot.com

■ او قم بـ متابعتنا على بينترست :-

🔹 Pinterest :- Pinterest.com/qqyy_y 
 
■ جميع الحقوق محفوظة لدى تطبيق بيكسلاب برو بلاس℡©"
  ]
}
