{
  "quotes": [
"↑￼↑ #1
A high-quality professional greeting card design with a clean white background and elegant Islamic geometric patterns in blue and gold on the sides. On the left, a high-resolution portrait of For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.  sitting on an ornate classic armchair, wearing a traditional blue Yemeni jacket with gold embroidery over a white Thobe, and a traditional Jambiya belt. The right side features sophisticated Arabic typography: at the top, 'بمناسبة خطوبة الأخ:' written in a simple golden font. Below it, the name 'أسامة الشعلان' is rendered in a beautiful, large navy blue 3D Thuluth calligraphy with a golden underline. Underneath the name, the phrase 'أجمل التهاني والتبريكات بهذه المناسبة السعيدة' is written in a matching golden font. At the bottom, a thin blue bar contains the text 'تهنئة مقدمة من: أسامة للدعاية والإعلان '. The lighting is bright and professional, with a clean layout and sharp graphic elements. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium celebratory aesthetic.16:9، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #2
A high-quality professional wedding invitation poster with a cinematic warm-toned background. On the right, a realistic portrait of The same person from the reference photo, used 100% of his face, your face should be exactly like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or soothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions. wearing a traditional white Yemeni Thobe with an ornate black and gold embroidered 'Zannah' or 'Jambiya belt'. On the left, sophisticated 3D and cursive typography is displayed: the phrase 'ألف ألف مبروك' is written in a bold, glossy white 3D Arabic font. Below it, the name 'Osama Alshulan' appears in a golden elegant script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in a large, vibrant 3D golden font. The text 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون' is written in white below the name. At the bottom, event details including dates (12/02/2026) and locations (قاعة بيكسلاب برو بلاس) are neatly arranged in white with small golden icons for date and location. The lighting is warm and festive, with subtle light sparks and bokeh effects. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium celebratory layout.16:9.﮼، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #3
A high-quality professional wedding invitation banner with a dark chocolate and gold theme. The design is symmetrical, featuring two portraits of For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.  in traditional Yemeni attire on the left and right sides. He is wearing a white Thobe, a black and white patterned headscarf (Shemagh), and a traditional Jambiya belt with a curved dagger. The central section features a sophisticated 3D golden Arabic typography of the word 'مبروك' with a small butterfly icon above it. Below, the name 'Osama Alshulan' is written in a graceful white script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in a large, elegant white 3D font. The text 'تهنئة خاصة من' and a list of names 'بيكسلاب برو بلاس - وكافة الأهل والأصدقاء' are displayed at the bottom in a clean white font against a dark brown bar. The background is dark with golden bokeh lights and subtle geometric patterns. At the very bottom, a row of ancient South Arabian Musnad characters is displayed as a decorative element. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium luxury aesthetic.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #4
A high-quality professional wedding invitation banner with a dark chocolate and gold theme. The design is symmetrical, It includes a picture For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.In traditional Yemeni clothes on the left side.He is wearing a white dress, and a traditional gambia belt with a curved dagger.The right side features a sophisticated 3D golden Arabic typography of the word 'مبروك' with a small butterfly icon above it. Below, the name 'Osama Alshulan' is written in a graceful white script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in a large, elegant white 3D font. The text 'تهنئة خاصة من' and a list of names 'بيكسلاب برو بلاس - وكافة الأهل والأصدقاء' are displayed at the bottom in a clean white font against a dark brown bar. The background is dark with golden bokeh lights and subtle geometric patterns. At the very bottom, a row of ancient South Arabian Musnad characters is displayed as a decorative element. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium luxury aesthetic.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #5
A high-quality professional wedding invitation banner with a dark chocolate and gold theme. The design is symmetrical, It includes a picture For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.In traditional Yemeni clothes on the right side. He is wearing a white dress, and a traditional gambia belt with a curved dagger.The left side features a sophisticated 3D golden Arabic typography of the word 'مبروك' with a small butterfly icon above it. Below, the name 'Osama Alshulan' is written in a graceful white script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in a large, elegant white 3D font. The text 'تهنئة خاصة من' and a list of names 'بيكسلاب برو بلاس - وكافة الأهل والأصدقاء' are displayed at the bottom in a clean white font against a dark brown bar. The background is dark with golden bokeh lights and subtle geometric patterns. At the very bottom, a row of ancient South Arabian Musnad characters is displayed as a decorative element. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium luxury aesthetic.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #6
A high-quality professional wedding invitation banner with a dark Phosphoric blue and gold theme. The design is symmetrical, It includes a picture For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.In traditional Yemeni clothes on the right side. He is wearing a white dress, and a traditional gambia belt with a curved dagger.The left side features a sophisticated 3D golden Arabic typography of the word 'مبروك الزفاف' with a small butterfly icon above it. Below, the name 'Osama Alshulan' is written in a graceful white script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in a large, elegant white 3D font. The text 'تهنئة خاصة من' and a list of names 'بيكسلاب برو بلاس - وكافة الأهل والأصدقاء' are displayed at the bottom in a clean white font against a dark brown bar. The background is dark with golden bokeh lights and subtle geometric patterns. At the very bottom, a row of ancient South Arabian Musnad characters is displayed as a decorative element. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium luxury aesthetic.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #7
A high-quality professional wedding invitation banner with a dark Phosphoric blue and gold theme. The design is symmetrical, It includes a picture For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.In traditional Yemeni clothes on the right side. He is wearing a white dress, and a traditional gambia belt with a curved dagger.The left side features a sophisticated 3D golden Arabic typography of the word 'الف مبروك' with a small butterfly icon above it. Below, the name 'Osama Alshulan' is written in a graceful white script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in a large, elegant white 3D font. The text 'تهنئة خاصة من' and a list of names 'بيكسلاب برو بلاس - وكافة الأهل والأصدقاء' are displayed at the bottom in a clean white font against a  Golden bar. The background is dark with golden bokeh lights and subtle geometric patterns. At the very bottom, a row of ancient South Arabian Musnad characters is displayed as a decorative element. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium luxury aesthetic.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #8
A high-quality professional wedding invitation banner with a dark Phosphoric blue and gold theme. The design is symmetrical, It includes a picture For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.In traditional Yemeni clothes on the left side. He is wearing a white dress, and a traditional gambia belt with a curved dagger.The right side features a sophisticated 3D golden Arabic typography of the word 'الف مبروك' with a small butterfly icon above it. Below, the name 'Osama Alshulan' is written in a graceful white script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in a large, elegant white 3D font. The text 'تهنئة خاصة من' and a list of names 'بيكسلاب برو بلاس - وكافة الأهل والأصدقاء' are displayed at the bottom in a clean white font against a  Golden bar. The background is dark with golden bokeh lights and subtle geometric patterns. At the very bottom, a row of ancient South Arabian Musnad characters is displayed as a decorative element. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium luxury aesthetic.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #9
A high-quality, professional wedding invitation poster with a warm, cinematic background. On the right is a realistic portrait of the same person from the reference photo, using 100% of their face. Your face must be an exact match to the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The outfit features a traditional, crisp white robe (zanna) with prominent, defined shoulders. Over the robe is a matching set of black leather accessories, richly decorated with delicate gold geometric patterns, metal studs, and decorative bullet holes. These accessories include a traditional wrapped headdress (shawl/band), crossed chest straps, wide leather wristbands, and a wide waist belt (asib). At the center of the belt is a traditional curved Yemeni dagger (jambiya) with a wooden and gold handle and a light brown leather scabbard. The hands shown holding the jambiya are wearing a modern, dark wristwatch and silver rings with black gemstones.  On the left, a sophisticated, 3D, connected print is displayed: the phrase 'ألف ألف مبروك' is written in bold, glossy 3D Arabic script in white. Below it, the name 'Osama Alshulan' appears in elegant gold lettering, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in large, vibrant 3D gold lettering. The text 'بمناسبة زفافة الميمون' is written in white below the name. Further down, the details of the occasion are arranged, including 'المهنئون: كافة الأهل والأصدقاء.' The lighting is warm and festive, with subtle light flashes and bokeh effects. 8K resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and excellent celebratory layout. 16:9 aspect ratio. ، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #10
A high-quality professional wedding invitation banner with a dark Phosphoric red and gold theme. The design is symmetrical, It includes a picture For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.In traditional Yemeni clothes on the left side. He wears a black formal suit jacket over a crisp white dress. A traditional Yemeni dagger with a light-colored wooden handle is tucked into a black belt around her waist. A silver wristwatch is worn on her left wrist, and a ring with a blue gemstone is on her finger.The right side features a sophisticated 3D golden Arabic typography of the word 'يهناك الفرح' with a small Heart icon above it. Below, the name 'Osama Alshulan' is written in a graceful white script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in a large, elegant white 3D font. The text 'تهنئة خاصة من' and a list of names 'بيكسلاب برو بلاس - وكافة الأهل والأصدقاء' are displayed at the bottom in a clean white font against a  Golden bar. The background is dark with golden bokeh lights and subtle geometric patterns. At the very bottom, a row of ancient South Arabian Musnad characters is displayed as a decorative element. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium luxury aesthetic.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #11
A high-quality professional wedding invitation banner with a dark Phosphoric red and gold theme. The design is symmetrical, It includes a picture For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.In traditional Yemeni clothes on the right side. He wears a black formal suit jacket over a crisp white dress. A traditional Yemeni dagger with a light-colored wooden handle is tucked into a black belt around her waist. A silver wristwatch is worn on her left wrist, and a ring with a blue gemstone is on her finger.The left side features a sophisticated 3D golden Arabic typography of the word 'يهناك الفرح' with a small Heart icon above it. Below, the name 'Osama Alshulan' is written in a graceful white script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in a large, elegant white 3D font. The text 'تهنئة خاصة من' and a list of names 'بيكسلاب برو بلاس - وكافة الأهل والأصدقاء' are displayed at the bottom in a clean white font against a  Golden bar. The background is dark with golden bokeh lights and subtle geometric patterns. At the very bottom, a row of ancient South Arabian Musnad characters is displayed as a decorative element. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium luxury aesthetic.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #12
A high-quality professional wedding invitation banner with a bright cream and orange theme. The central focus is For the same person from the reference photo, use 100% of his face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or softening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.  He wears a black formal suit jacket over a crisp white dress. A traditional Yemeni dagger with a light-colored wooden handle is tucked into a black belt around her waist. A silver wristwatch is worn on her left wrist, and a ring with a blue gemstone is on her finger. A faded, larger ghost-portrait of him is visible in the background to the right. The typography is modern and layered: the word 'يهناك الفرح' is written in a bold, orange and white 3D geometric font. Below it, the name 'أسامة الشعلان ' is rendered in a large, vibrant 3D orange font with a white outline. The phrase 'ألف ألف مبروك وأتم الله السرور' is written in a thin grey font. At the bottom, a dark tape contains the information of the well-wishers  'تهنئة خاصة مقدمة من' 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء'
‏The vertical text 'اسامة للإعلان 771588068' with a phone number is placed on the far right. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a clean commercial aesthetic.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #13
A high-quality professional wedding invitation banner with a bright cream and orange theme. The central focus is For the same person from the reference photo, use 100% of his face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or softening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.  He wears a black formal suit jacket over a crisp white dress. A traditional Yemeni dagger with a light-colored wooden handle is tucked into a black belt around her waist. A silver wristwatch is worn on her left wrist, and a ring with a blue gemstone is on her finger. A faded, larger ghost-portrait of him is visible in the background to the right. The typography is modern and layered: the word 'عقد قران مبارك' is written in a bold, orange and white 3D geometric font. Below it, the name 'أسامة الشعلان ' is rendered in a large, vibrant 3D orange font with a white outline. The phrase 'الف الف الف مبروووك' is written in a thin grey font. At the bottom, a dark tape contains the information of the well-wishers  'تهنئة خاصة مقدمة من' 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء'
‏The vertical text 'اسامة للإعلان 771588068' with a phone number is placed on the far right. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a clean commercial aesthetic.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #14
A high-quality professional wedding invitation banner with a bright cream and orange theme. The central focus is For the same person from the reference photo, use 100% of his face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or softening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.  He wears a black formal suit jacket over a crisp white dress. A traditional Yemeni dagger with a light-colored wooden handle is tucked into a black belt around her waist. A silver wristwatch is worn on her left wrist, and a ring with a blue gemstone is on her finger. A faded, larger ghost-portrait of him is visible in the background to the right. The typography is modern and layered: the word 'مبروك الخطوبة' is written in a bold, orange and white 3D geometric font. Below it, the name 'أسامة الشعلان ' is rendered in a large, vibrant 3D orange font with a white outline. The phrase 'الف مبروك وعقبال للفرحة الكبرى' is written in a thin grey font. At the bottom, a dark tape contains the information of the well-wishers  'تهنئة خاصة مقدمة من' 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' ‏The vertical text 'اسامة للإعلان 771588068' with a phone number is placed on the far right. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a clean commercial aesthetic.1:1.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #15
A high-quality professional wedding invitation poster with a cinematic warm-toned background. On the right, a realistic portrait of The same person from the reference photo, used 100% of his face, your face should be exactly like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or soothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions. wearing a traditional white Yemeni Thobe with an ornate black and gold embroidered 'Zannah' or 'Jambiya belt'. On the left, sophisticated 3D and cursive typography is displayed: the phrase 'ألف ألف مبروك' is written in a bold, glossy white 3D Arabic font. Below it, the name 'Osama Alshulan' appears in a golden elegant script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in a large, vibrant 3D golden font. The text 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون' is written in white below the name. At the bottom, the details of the event are arranged including 'المهنئون: بيكسلاب برو بلاس- كافة الأهل والأصدقاء'. The lighting is warm and festive, with subtle light sparks and bokeh effects. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium celebratory layout.16:9.﮼، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #16
A high-quality professional wedding greeting card with a sophisticated brown and cream color palette. The design is divided into two sections: on the left, a realistic portrait For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.  , wearing a traditional white Yemeni Thobe, an ornate embroidered 'Zannah' belt with a Jambiya, and a brown patterned headscarf (Shemagh). On the right, an elegant cream-colored decorative frame with golden borders contains the typography. At the top of the frame, the word 'تهانينا' is written in a large, artistic golden script, followed by 'للعريس الغالي على قلوبنا'. In the center, the name 'أسامة الشعلان' is written in a bold, modern black and gold font. Below the name, the phrase 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون فألف ألف مبروك' is displayed in a clean black font. 
At the bottom of the cream-colored frame, a dedicated section contains the names of the wishers. The phrase “congratulation provided by:” is written in a small and elegant gold font. Below it, my name 'بيكسلاب برو بلاس- كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' is displayed in a clean and professional black Arabic font, perfectly aligned. To the right of the names, a small decorated gold round stamp contains the artistic word “إهداء” in traditional calligraphy style. The design maintains the perfect padding and a typographic hierarchy, ensuring a high-end commercial finish. 8k resolution and sharpness at the vector level.
The background behind the The person features a dark wooden texture. The overall aesthetic is formal, traditional, and high-end. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium graphic layout.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #17
A high-quality professional wedding greeting card with a sophisticated brown and cream color palette. The design is divided into two sections: on the left, a realistic portrait For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.  , wearing a traditional white Yemeni Thobe, an ornate embroidered 'Zannah' belt with a Jambiya, and a brown patterned headscarf (Shemagh). On the right, an elegant cream-colored decorative frame with golden borders contains the typography. At the top of the frame, the word 'تهانينا' is written in a large, artistic golden script, followed by 'للعريس الغالي على قلوبنا'. In the center, the name 'أسامة الشعلان' is written in a bold, modern black and gold font. Below the name, the phrase 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون فألف ألف مبروك' is displayed in a clean black font. The background behind the man features a dark wooden texture. The overall aesthetic is formal, traditional, and high-end. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium graphic layout.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #18
A high-quality professional wedding greeting card with a sophisticated brown and cream color palette. The design is divided into two sections: on the left, a realistic portrait For the same character from the reference photo, use 100% of its face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or sothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions.  , wearing a traditional white Yemeni Thobe, an ornate embroidered 'Zannah' belt with a Jambiya,. On the right, an elegant cream-colored decorative frame with golden borders contains the typography. At the top of the frame, the word 'تهانينا' is written in a large, artistic golden script, followed by 'للعريس الغالي على قلوبنا'. In the center, the name 'أسامة الشعلان' is written in a bold, modern black and gold font. Below the name, the phrase 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون فألف ألف مبروك' is displayed in a clean black font. The background behind the man features a dark wooden texture. The overall aesthetic is formal, traditional, and high-end. 8k resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and a premium graphic layout.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #19
A high-quality, professional wedding greeting card featuring elegant brown and cream tones. The design is divided into two sections: on the left, a realistic portrait of the same person from the reference photo, using their full face to perfectly match the original image—without any editing, retouching, or smoothing. All facial features, skin texture, and expressions are preserved. The person wears a traditional Yemeni white thobe and an ornate embroidered ''zanna'' belt with a ghamia. On the right, an elegant decorative frame in cream with gold borders contains the lettering. At the top of the frame, the word 'تهانينا' is written in large, artistic gold lettering, followed by 'لفخامة العريس الغالي على قلوبنا' In the center, the name 'أسامة الشعلان' is written in a modern, bold, gradient gold and black font. Below the name, the phrase 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون فألف ألف مبروك' appears in clear black lettering.

Below it is a small, decorative, circular gold seal bearing the word 'إهداء' in traditional Arabic script. Below that, the name 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' appears in clear, professional, and precisely aligned black Arabic script. The design maintains ideal spacing and typographic hierarchy, ensuring a sophisticated, commercial finish. 8K resolution and exceptional vector clarity.

The lighting is warm and festive, with soft light sparkles and bokeh effects. 8K resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and outstanding graphic design.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #20
A high-quality, professional wedding greeting card featuring elegant brown and cream tones. The design is divided into two sections: On the left, a realistic portrait of the same person from the reference photo, using their full face to perfectly match the original image—without any editing, retouching, or smoothing. All facial features, skin texture, and expressions are preserved. The person wears a traditional Yemeni white thobe and an ornate embroidered 'zanna' belt with a ghamia. and a brown patterned headscarf (Shemagh).On the right, an elegant decorative frame in cream with gold borders contains the lettering. At the top of the frame, the word 'تهانينا' is written in large, artistic, decorative gold lettering, followed by 'للعريس الغالي على قلوبنا' With a clean black line ، In the center, the name 'أسامة الشعلان' is written in a modern, bold, and elegant 3D font in a gold and black gradient. Below the name, the phrase 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون ألف مبروك' appears in clear black lettering.

Below, a small, decorative gold circular seal bears the word 'إهداء' in traditional Arabic calligraphy. Below that, the name 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' appears in clean, clear, and professional black Arabic script, precisely aligned. The design maintains ideal spacing and typographic hierarchy, ensuring a sophisticated, commercial finish. 8K resolution and exceptional vector clarity. The lighting is warm and festive, with soft light sparkles and bokeh effects. 8K resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and outstanding graphic design.1:1.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #21
A high-quality, professional wedding greeting card featuring elegant brown and cream tones. The design is divided into two sections: On the left, a realistic portrait of the same person from the reference photo, using their full face to perfectly match the original image—without any editing, retouching, or smoothing. All facial features, skin texture, and expressions are preserved. The person wears a traditional Yemeni white thobe and an ornate embroidered 'zanna' belt with a ghamia.On the right, an elegant decorative frame in cream with gold borders contains the lettering. At the top of the frame, the word 'تهانينا' is written in large, artistic, decorative gold lettering, followed by 'للعريس الغالي على قلوبنا' With a clean black line ، In the center, the name 'أسامة الشعلان' is written in a modern, bold, and elegant 3D font in a gold and black gradient. Below the name, the phrase 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون ألف مبروك' appears in clear black lettering.

Below, a small, decorative gold circular seal bears the word 'إهداء' in traditional Arabic calligraphy. Below that, the name 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' appears in clean, clear, and professional black Arabic script, precisely aligned. The design maintains ideal spacing and typographic hierarchy, ensuring a sophisticated, commercial finish. 8K resolution and exceptional vector clarity.

The lighting is warm and festive, with soft light sparkles and bokeh effects. 8K resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and outstanding graphic design.1:1.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #22
A high-quality, professional wedding greeting card featuring elegant  cream tones. The design is divided into two sections: On the right, a realistic portrait of the same person from the reference photo, using their full face to perfectly match the original image—without any editing, retouching, or smoothing. All facial features, skin texture, and expressions are preserved. The person wears a traditional Yemeni white thobe and an ornate embroidered 'zanna' belt with a ghamia. and a brown patterned headscarf (Shemagh).On the left, an elegant decorative frame in cream with gold borders contains the lettering. At the top of the frame, the word 'تهانينا' is written in large, artistic, decorative Gold and black graduated lettering, followed by 'للعريس الغالي على قلوبنا' With a clean black line ، In the center, the name 'أسامة الشعلان' Written in a modern, bold, and elegant font with a decorative gold and black color gradient. Below the name, the phrase 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون ألف مبروك' appears in clear black lettering.

Below, a small, decorative gold circular seal bears the word 'إهداء' in traditional Arabic calligraphy. Below that, the name 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' appears in clean, clear, and professional black Arabic script, precisely aligned. The design maintains ideal spacing and typographic hierarchy, ensuring a sophisticated, commercial finish. 8K resolution and exceptional vector clarity.

The lighting is warm and festive, with soft light sparkles and bokeh effects. 8K resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and outstanding graphic design.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #23
A high-quality, professional wedding greeting card featuring elegant  cream tones. The design is divided into two sections: On the left, a realistic portrait of the same person from the reference photo, using their full face to perfectly match the original image—without any editing, retouching, or smoothing. All facial features, skin texture, and expressions are preserved. The person wears a traditional Yemeni white thobe and Formal black coat and an ornate embroidered 'zanna' belt with a ghamia. and a brown patterned headscarf (Shemagh).On the right, an elegant decorative frame in cream with gold borders contains the lettering. At the top of the frame, the word 'يهناك الفرح' is written in large, artistic, decorative Gold and black graduated lettering, followed by 'فخامة العريس الغالي على قلوبنا' With a clean black line ، In the center, the name 'أسامة الشعلان' Written in a modern, bold, and elegant font with a decorative gold and black color gradient. Below the name, the phrase 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون ألف مبروك' appears in clear black lettering.

Below, a small, decorative gold circular seal bears the word 'إهداء' in traditional Arabic calligraphy. Below that, the name 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' appears in clean, clear, and professional black Arabic script, precisely aligned. The design maintains ideal spacing and typographic hierarchy, ensuring a sophisticated, commercial finish. 8K resolution and exceptional vector clarity.

The lighting is warm and festive, with soft light sparkles and bokeh effects. 8K resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and outstanding graphic design.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #24
A high-quality, professional wedding greeting card featuring elegant  cream tones. The design is divided into two sections: On the right, a realistic portrait of the same person from the reference photo, using their full face to perfectly match the original image—without any editing, retouching, or smoothing. All facial features, skin texture, and expressions are preserved. The person wears a traditional Yemeni white thobe and Formal black coat and an ornate embroidered 'zanna' belt with a ghamia.On the left, an elegant decorative frame in cream with gold borders contains the lettering. At the top of the frame, the word 'يهناك الفرح' is written in large, artistic, decorative Gold and black graduated lettering, followed by 'فخامة العريس الغالي على قلوبنا' With a clean black line ، In the center, the name 'أسامة الشعلان' Written in a modern, bold, and elegant font with a decorative gold and black color gradient. Below the name, the phrase 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون ألف مبروك' appears in clear black lettering.

Below, a small, decorative gold circular seal bears the word 'إهداء' in traditional Arabic calligraphy. Below that, the name 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' appears in clean, clear, and professional black Arabic script, precisely aligned. The design maintains ideal spacing and typographic hierarchy, ensuring a sophisticated, commercial finish. 8K resolution and exceptional vector clarity.

The lighting is warm and festive, with soft light sparkles and bokeh effects. 8K resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and outstanding graphic design.16:9.، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #25
A high-quality, professional wedding invitation poster with a warm, cinematic background. On the right is a realistic portrait of the same person from the reference photo, using 100% of their face. Your face must be an exact match to the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The outfit features a traditional, crisp white robe (zanna) with prominent, defined shoulders. Over the robe is a matching set of black leather accessories, richly decorated with delicate gold geometric patterns, metal studs, and decorative bullet holes. These accessories include a crossed chest straps, wide leather wristbands, and a wide waist belt (asib). At the center of the belt is a traditional curved Yemeni dagger (jambiya) with a wooden and gold handle and a light brown leather scabbard. The hands shown holding the jambiya are wearing a modern, dark wristwatch and silver rings with black gemstones.  On the left, a sophisticated, 3D, connected print is displayed: the phrase 'ألف ألف مبروك' is written in bold, glossy 3D Arabic script in white. Below it, the name 'Osama Alshulan' appears in elegant gold lettering, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in large, vibrant 3D gold lettering. The text 'بمناسبة زفافة الميمون' is written in white below the name. Further down, the details of the occasion are arranged, including 'المهنئون: كافة الأهل والأصدقاء.' The lighting is warm and festive, with subtle light flashes and bokeh effects. 8K resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and excellent celebratory layout. 16:9 aspect ratio. ، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #26
A high-quality, professional wedding congratulations poster with a warm, cinematic background in shades of navy blue. On the right is a realistic portrait of the same person from the reference photo, using 100% of their face. Your face must be an exact match to the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The outfit features a traditional, pristine white robe (zanna) with prominent, defined shoulders. Over the robe is a matching set of navy blue leather accessories, richly decorated with delicate gold geometric patterns, metal studs, and decorative bullet holes. These accessories include a crossed chest straps, wide leather wristbands, and a wide waist belt (asib). At the center of the belt is a traditional curved Yemeni dagger (jambiya) with a wooden and gold handle and a light brown leather scabbard. The hands shown holding the jambiya are wearing a modern wristwatch.  Dark and silver rings with black gemstones. On the left, a sophisticated, 3D, connected print is displayed: the phrase 'زفاف مبارك' is written in bold, glossy 3D Arabic script in white. Below it, the name 'Osama Alshulan' appears in elegant gold script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in large, vibrant, 3D gold script. The text 'بمناسبة زفافة الميمون' is written in white below the name. Further down, the details of the occasion are listed, including 'المهنئون: كافة الأهل والأصدقاء'. The lighting is warm and festive, with subtle light flashes and bokeh effects. 8K resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and excellent festive layout. ، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'. 16:9",
"↑￼↑ #27
A high-quality, professional wedding congratulations poster with a warm, cinematic background in shades of navy blue. On the right is a realistic portrait of the same person from the reference photo, using 100% of their face. Your face must be an exact match to the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. Preserve all facial features, skin texture, and expressions. The outfit features a traditional, pristine white robe (zanna) with prominent, defined shoulders. Over the robe is a matching set of navy blue leather accessories, richly decorated with delicate gold geometric patterns, metal studs, and decorative bullet holes. These accessories include a traditional wrapped headdress (shawl/band), crossed chest straps, wide leather wristbands, and a wide waist belt (asib). At the center of the belt is a traditional curved Yemeni dagger (jambiya) with a wooden and gold handle and a light brown leather scabbard. The hands shown holding the jambiya are wearing a modern wristwatch.  Dark and silver rings with black gemstones. On the left, a sophisticated, 3D, connected print is displayed: the phrase 'زفاف مبارك' is written in bold, glossy 3D Arabic script in white. Below it, the name 'Osama Alshulan' appears in elegant gold script, followed by the Arabic name 'أسامة الشعلان' in large, vibrant, 3D gold script. The text 'بمناسبة زفافة الميمون' is written in white below the name. Further down, the details of the occasion are listed, including 'المهنئون: كافة الأهل والأصدقاء'. The lighting is warm and festive, with subtle light flashes and bokeh effects. 8K resolution, ultra-sharp focus, and excellent festive layout. ، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'. 16:9",
"↑￼↑ #28 ***
A highly professional and detailed Yemeni wedding poster, featuring the same person from the reference photo. 100% of their face is used; your face must be exactly like the original selfie—no editing, retouching, or smoothing. All facial features, skin texture, and expressions are preserved. The groom wears a pristine white traditional robe (zanna) with prominent, defined shoulders. Over the robe is a matching set of brown leather accessories, heavily decorated with delicate orange geometric patterns, metal studs, and decorative bullet holes. These accessories include a traditional wrapped headdress (shawl/band), crossed chest straps, wide leather wristbands, and a wide waist belt (asib). A traditional curved Yemeni dagger (jambiya) with a wooden and gold handle and a dark brown leather scabbard is centered on the belt, along with a rifle slung over his shoulder. The background is a warm, dark brown (berry/orange) gradient with a faded, duplicate image of the groom.  The front layer features a motif of golden and brown autumn leaves. All text is meticulously placed, in the correct color, and in the specified font styles:

* Top center: Elegant and beautiful traditional Arabic calligraphy (such as Thuluth or Diwani), in dark brown: 'دَامَتْ أَيَّامُكُمْ عَامِرَةً بِالْمَسَرَّاتِ'

* Top left: Vertical text in White, in simple Naskh script: 'افراح آل الشرعبي'

* Center right: Vertical text in White, in modern (sans-serif) Latin script in capital letters: 'CONGRATULATIONS'

* Below the main image (center): The groom's name in large, bold, and artistic Arabic calligraphy, in white with a prominent shade and dark brown: 'اسامة'

* Below the groom's name (left): Black text in modern Naskh script: 'بمناسبة زفافه الميمون، فالف ألف مبروك'

 * Below the groom's name (right): Black text in modern Naskh script: 'أجمل التهاني والتبريكات للعريس الغالي'

* Bottom brown strip: A wide horizontal brown strip containing:

* Small white text (top): 'تهنئة مقدمة من:'

* Congratulators: 'كافة الأهل والأصدقاء' In a modern graphic design (white).

* Soft, even lighting that highlights texture. Classic photo collage composition.
، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'. 1:1",
"
■ كيفية إستخدام البرومبت ✓
..........................................
 1. نسخ النص: قم بـ (نسخ البرومبت ⧉) من خلال الضغط مطولاً على النص ثم نسخ ❐.
 2. فتح الذكاء الاصطناعي: افتح تطبيق (✦ Gemini).
 3. إدراج الوسائط: قم برفع صورتك 🖼 ثم...
 4. اللصق: (الصق البرومبت ⎘) في محادثة ✦ Gemini.
 5. التفعيل: تأكد من أن ميزة توليد الصور مفعلة 🍌.
 6. النتيجة: قم بتوليد صورتك واستمتع! ✨
..........................................
■ ملاحظة مهمة ✓
عند إستخدام برومبت (تلبيس العرسان 🤵🏻👰🏻):
 1. ارفع صورتك الشخصية مع صورة الزي (زي عريس مفرغ).
 2. لضمان أفضل دقة، ارفع صورتك (من الصدر إلى الأعلى 👤) لتظهر الملامح بوضوح.
..........................................
■ قاعدة هامة ✓
● أي برومبت يحتوي على نص عربي، يجب إستخدام وضع المفكر (Flash Thinking)، أو وضع الـ برو (Pro) لضمان جودة الخط.
..........................................
■ معلومة خاصة ✓
● أي برومبت يوجد فيه هذا الرمز ↑￼↑، فهذا يعني ضرورة إرفاق صورة مع البرومبت ليعمل بشكل صحيح.
● البرومبتات متوفرة باللغتين [ AR - EN ].
..........................................
■ جميع الحقوق محفوظة © ✓
تطبيق بيكسلاب برو بلاس (PixelLab Pro Plus).
@ المطور: م/ أسامة الشعلان.",
"■ للحصول على المزيد من البرومبتات قم بزيارة صفحتنا على الويب

🔹 osamaalshulanapk.blogspot.com

■ او قم بـ متابعتنا على بينترست :-

🔹 Pinterest :- Pinterest.com/qqyy_y 
 
■ جميع الحقوق محفوظة لدى تطبيق بيكسلاب برو بلاس℡©"
  ]
}
