{
  "quotes": [
"↑￼↑ #1
Use 100% of his face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or smothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions . ultra-realistic 8k cinematic fashion portrait — captured as real photo with optical lens physics, depth of field, natural light, film grain. Not cgi or painting. A professional 8K photograph, a full-length portrait of a person in intricately detailed pharaonic attire, standing before the Sphinx in a setting that accurately recreates the ancient Egyptian era. Make her face 100% the same as the photo uploaded. The original features of the person in the attached image must be preserved without any alteration. The focus is on dramatic lighting to create an atmosphere of grandeur and mystery, using innovative and creative visual elements to give the image a unique artistic touch. Lighting: warm spotlights with subtle shadows. Mood: intelligent curiosity, elegant admiration of history. vintage elegance, 8K HDR, and hyper-realistic rendering. Camera: Medium close-up, focus on expressions, captured in ultra-realistic detail with a Canon EOS R5 50mm f/1.4 lens

، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #2
A realistic full-body image of the same person attached to the photo standing confidently inside the Grand Egyptian Museum, wearing a royal gold shield inspired by Pharaoh Ramses II, richly detailed by engraved hieroglyphics and ancient patterns. It is decorated with pharaonic jewels, gold-handed badges, a majestic crown featuring the cobra (Orius) and the symbol of the sun disk, which represents divine power.

Facial features should remain 100.999% identical to the uploaded reference image - no changes in proportions, skin color, or expression. Maintains a quiet but strong royal expression, symbolizing strength and leadership.

The lighting is realistic and cinematic, matched with the museum's natural environment - the soft golden light that reflects the polished armor and subtle shades cast by the huge ancient statues and the artifacts behind it.

Style: Realistic, Cinematic Tone, Full Body Composition, Vibrant Texture Of Gold And Stone, Highly Detailed Texture And Metallic Reflections, Realistic

، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #3
Keep the original face at 100%. Ultra-realistic 8k cinematic photo - taken as a real photo with optical lens physics, depth of field, natural light and film grain. Not cgi or drawing. Create an ultra-realistic 8K cinema creation. A medium shot shows the same person attached to the photo, his head slightly tilted, looking directly at the camera with a calm and confident expression and a happy little smile, making her face 100% like the uploaded photo. Paired with a long-sleeved beige pasteure. Underneath, he wears a classic and pure white shirt with slightly puffed shoulders and an elegant collar, tucked in loose high-waisted beige pants that show subtle wrinkles from natural movement. In his right hand, he holds a small golden pharaoh statue. Behind it, a huge wall covered with intricately carved panels that resembled ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics, and the front panel was painted in silent sandy brown. The logo of the Grand Egyptian Museum is prominently displayed in gold in the center of one of the paintings, alongside the w

، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #4
A very realistic high-resolution photo of the same person attached to the photo in an old Egyptian royal costume. Use 100% of his face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching, or refining. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions. He wears a modern costume in the style of the armor of the Pharaoh King with deep golden and turquoise accents. Powerful male cinematic lighting with dramatic shadow contrast. Background: Depth of field. Distinguished professional fashion photography style, very detailed leather and fabric, sharp focus, realistic proportions, and non-distortion. A confident dominant royal status that reflects authority.

، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #5
A very realistic and very detailed photo of the same person attached to the photo, similar to an ancient Egyptian pharaoh or a high-ranking noble. He is shirtless, displays well-defined physical fitness, and wears antique Egyptian gold and refined turquoise jewelry, including a wide collar (oskh), arm cuffs, and a decorative belt over a white and gold flowing kilt (Schindit). He holds a golden stick toped by the head of Anubis (the god of the jackal) in his right hand. To his right stands an ancient Egyptian coffin richly decorated. The background is an ancient Egyptian tomb or temple wall, decorated with vibrant hieroglyphics and murals depicting many Egyptian gods and figures. The lighting is exciting and warm, highlighting the golden touches and features of the man. High resolution, cinematic lighting, realistic images, 8k. Use 100% of his face on top of the loaded image, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, revising or softening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions

، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"↑￼↑ #6
Create an ultra-realistic 8K cinematic image. The same person attached to the photo is placed in the center of the frame, pretending to be an Egyptian pharaoh. Use 100% of his face, your face should be just like the original selfie - without editing, retouching or smothening. Maintain all facial features, skin texture and expressions. He wears elaborate royal clothing, including a gold and blue striped headdress decorated with a cobra, an embroidered collar with turquoise, red and gold details, a white jacket, a gold belt studded with a turquoise jel, gold badges and a bracelet. The person is firmly built and looks directly at the viewer with a calm expression. It is placed on a warm-toned background characterized by stylized ancient Egyptian architecture, most likely a temple or palace, with hieroglyphics carved into the walls. A warm golden light emitted behind it bathes the view, indicating sunrise or sunset, creating an aura effect. The frontal perspective, and the image, with its fine details in texture and lighting, emphasizes the richness and importance of the subject. Classic elegance, high dynamic range in 8K resolution, and incredibly realistic images. Camera: Medium close-up, focusing on expressions. Shot in incredibly realistic detail with the Canon EOS R5 50mm f/1.4 lens

، In the lower left corner of the workspace, there is a small, elegant, handwritten text/signature that reads 'PixelLab Pro Plus'.",
"■ كيفية إستخدام البرومبت ✓
..........................................
 1. نسخ النص: قم بـ (نسخ البرومبت ⧉) من خلال الضغط مطولاً على النص ثم نسخ ❐.
 2. فتح الذكاء الاصطناعي: افتح تطبيق (✦ Gemini).
 3. إدراج الوسائط: قم برفع صورتك 🖼 ثم...
 4. اللصق: (الصق البرومبت ⎘) في محادثة ✦ Gemini.
 5. التفعيل: تأكد من أن ميزة توليد الصور مفعلة 🍌.
 6. النتيجة: قم بتوليد صورتك واستمتع! ✨
..........................................
■ ملاحظة مهمة ✓
عند إستخدام برومبت (تلبيس العرسان 🤵🏻👰🏻):
 1. ارفع صورتك الشخصية مع صورة الزي (زي عريس مفرغ).
 2. لضمان أفضل دقة، ارفع صورتك (من الصدر إلى الأعلى 👤) لتظهر الملامح بوضوح.
..........................................
■ قاعدة هامة ✓
● أي برومبت يحتوي على نص عربي، يجب إستخدام وضع المفكر (Flash Thinking)، أو وضع الـ برو (Pro) لضمان جودة الخط.
..........................................
■ معلومة خاصة ✓
● أي برومبت يوجد فيه هذا الرمز ↑￼↑، فهذا يعني ضرورة إرفاق صورة مع البرومبت ليعمل بشكل صحيح.
● البرومبتات متوفرة باللغتين [ AR - EN ].
..........................................
■ جميع الحقوق محفوظة © ✓
تطبيق بيكسلاب برو بلاس (PixelLab Pro Plus).
@ المطور: م/ أسامة الشعلان.",
"■ للحصول على المزيد من البرومبتات قم بزيارة صفحتنا على الويب

🔹 osamaalshulanapk.blogspot.com

■ او قم بـ متابعتنا على بينترست :-

🔹 Pinterest :- Pinterest.com/qqyy_y 
 
■ جميع الحقوق محفوظة لدى تطبيق بيكسلاب برو بلاس℡©"
  ]
}
